[Documentation]: General BP section (#130)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/nwbinspector: docs/best_practices/general.rst

:nwb-schema:ref:`sec-ElectricalSeries` that holds voltage traces for a multichannel recording, then simply name it
``ElectricalSeries``.

There may be cases where you have multiple instances of the same ``neurodata_type`` in the same Group. In this case,
the instances must have unique names. An easy way to achieve this is to add an index or other minimal distinguishing
characteristics to the end of the name of that ``neurodata_type``; an example for multiple
:nwb-schema:ref:`sec-ElectricalSeries` (corresponding perhaps to differing segments or electrode regions) might be to
distinguish them as ``ElectricalSeries1`` and ``ElectricalSeries2``, or as ``ElectricalSeries`` and
``ElectricalSeriesExtraElectrodes``.

Following this practice allows multiple objects of the same type to be stored side-by-side and increase your chances
that analysis and visualization tools will operate seamlessly to provide human-readable information about the contents
of the file.

It is recommended to use :wikipedia:`CamelCase <Camel_case>` when naming instances of schematic classes.

.. _best_practice_description:

> <<<<<<< HEAD:docs/best_practices/naming.rst

Reviewer: merge conflict

``description`` field for most objects can be used to include any important distinguishing information. When writing
metadata, be as explicit and self-contained as possible in explaining relevant details. Use
official ontologies where appropriate.

It is OK to name an object something like ``ElectricalSeriesFromProbe1``, however the name alone is not sufficient
documentation of the signal source. In this case, the source of the signal will be clear from the
:nwb-schema:ref:`device` linkage in the rows of the passed :nwb-schema:ref:`sec-sec-dynamictableregion` subsetting
the full :nwb-schema:ref:`electrodes table <groups-general-extracellular-ephys-electrodes>`, so you would not need to
add any explicit metadata explaining these details.

Slash characters ``'/'`` and ``'\'``  should not be used in the ``name`` of an object, because they can be
confusing to systems that parse HDF5 files (which NWB uses as the primary backend, see the
:nwb-overview:`NWB FAQ <faq_details/why_hdf5.html#why-hdf5>` for more details). The forward slash is used in `h5py` to specify a `Groups <https://schema-language.readthedocs.io/en/latest/description.html#groups>`_ hierarchy.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. _best_practice_description:

Metadata and Descriptions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``name`` of an object is for identifying that object within the file; it is not for storing metadata. Instead, the
``description`` field for most objects can be used to include any important distinguishing information. When writing
metadata, be as explicit and self-contained as possible in explaining relevant details. Use
official ontologies where appropriate.

> It is OK to name an object something like ``ElectricalSeriesDuringSomeEvent``, however the name alone is not sufficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is OK to name an object something like ``ElectricalSeriesFromProbe1``, however the name alone is not sufficient
```

> documentation of the condition ``DuringSomeEvent``. In this case, the source of the signal will be clear from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documentation of the signal source. In this case, the source of the signal will be clear from the
```

:nwb-schema:ref:`device` linkage in the rows of the passed :nwb-schema:ref:`sec-sec-dynamictableregion` subsetting

> the full :nwb-schema:ref:`ElectrodeTable <groups-general-extracellular-ephys-electrodes>`, so you would not need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the full :nwb-schema:ref:`electrodes table <groups-general-extracellular-ephys-electrodes>`, so you would not need to
```

> add any explicit metadata explaining these details. Likewise, the event itself would be specified as an independent
> component to the experiment stored under ``acquisition``, the :nwb-schema:ref:`trials <groups-intervals-trials>` or :nwb-schema:ref:`epochs <roups-intervals-epochs>` intervals, ``processing/behavior``
> (see :ref:`best_practice_processing_module_names` for more details), or using an extension such as
> :ndx-annotation-series:`ndx-events <>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add any explicit metadata explaining these details. 
```

.. _best_practice_description:

Metadata and Descriptions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``name`` of an object is for identifying that object within the file; it is not for storing metadata. Instead, the
``description`` field for most objects can be used to include any important distinguishing information. When writing

> metadata, make every effort to be as explicit and self-contained as possible in the explaining relevant details. Use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metadata, be as explicit and self-contained as possible in explaining relevant details. Use
```

> official ontologies whenever specific references are required, and provide external links to those ontologies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
official ontologies where appropriate.
```

It is OK to name an object something like ``ElectricalSeriesDuringSomeEvent``, however the name alone is not sufficient
documentation of the condition ``DuringSomeEvent``. In this case, the source of the signal will be clear from the
:nwb-schema:ref:`device` linkage in the rows of the passed :nwb-schema:ref:`sec-sec-dynamictableregion` subsetting
the full :nwb-schema:ref:`ElectrodeTable <groups-general-extracellular-ephys-electrodes>`, so you would not need to

> add any explicit metadata explaining these details. Likewise, the event itself would be specified as an independent

Reviewer: I'm confused by this. What do the electrodes have to do with the event?

Author: The electrodes bit is residual from the original BP:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51133164/160892947-aa4a12c9-3d46-4d83-9bf9-a07e5c6684f9.png)

It's of course independent of an event, so this could be re-arranged a bit

> component to the experiment stored under ``acquisition``, the :nwb-schema:ref:`trials <groups-intervals-trials>` or :nwb-schema:ref:`epochs <roups-intervals-epochs>` intervals, ``processing/behavior``

Reviewer: stored under ``acquistion``? trials and epochs are both stored under ``intervals``.

(see :ref:`best_practice_processing_module_names` for more details), or using an extension such as

> :ndx-annotation-series:`ndx-events <>`.

Reviewer: This is confusing and, I'm pretty sure, wrong.  trials and epochs are both stored under ``\intervals``, not acquisition or a ``ProcessingModule``.

Author: The ``acquisition`` part is comma-separated from the `intervals` part, and the processing module part, and the extension part.

We've seen people store a raw event stream in ``acquisition`` before since it was before any processing and didn't neatly fit into an intervals object at that point, so I'm listing all available options here.

Feel free to limit it if you want, but not all event streams fit nicely into the intervals.

> Slash-like characters ``'/'`` or ``'\'``  are not not allowed in the ``name`` of an object. This can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slash characters ``'/'`` and ``'\'``  should not be used in the ``name`` of an object, because they can be
```

confusing to systems that parse HDF5 files (which NWB uses as the primary backend, see the
:nwb-overview:`NWB FAQ <faq_details/why_hdf5.html#why-hdf5>` for more details) because similar protocols are used to

> specify the location of `Groups <https://schema-language.readthedocs.io/en/latest/description.html#groups>`_ within the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:nwb-overview:`NWB FAQ <faq_details/why_hdf5.html#why-hdf5>` for more details). The forward slash is used in `h5py` to specify a `Groups <https://schema-language.readthedocs.io/en/latest/description.html#groups>`_ hierarchy.
```
